Intro: 
Hi! My name is Anula. Today, I am going to talk about Glitzy.

About project: 
Glitzy is an immersive platform, to get candid advise and feedback on your 
projects, from your social networks. This platform offers a unique feature of 
commenting on different sections and areas of your picture - which makes this 
effective for tons of use cases. Lets dive in!

Tech deep dive: 
Okay, let me first register. Oops! The user is already registered. In this case 
browser made an AJAX request to the server and found out the database already 
has this user info. This is a bootstrap modal window.

After user logs-in, they get a complete user feeds experience. On this page 
they can see all the Glitzes from their social network. Each feed item is 
composed of data from - users, glitzes and comments tables.

To prevent multiple roundtrips to the server, the queries have joins and 
outerjoins to fetch data at once. I have also played around with various 
column indexes, based on my query patterns. To keep the performance fast 
I plan to implement materialized views and stored procedures.  

Let’s check the Glitz page.
On this page a user can experience a couple of big features by hovering on the photo-
 - They can check the number of comments, can read the comments on each parts 
  of the image
 - They can also write feedback by clicking on specific part of the image
 - Azure vision APIs using machine learning algorithms to figure out details about the image. It gives us categorization tags about the image. With enough data, we can find relationships between image tags and people’s comments. 
 e.g. for images tagged for ‘indoors’, users provide comments about watches, earings etc. 
 e.g. for images tagged as ‘beach’,  users provide comments about shoes (edited)

I learnt a lot about
 - css tips & tricks,
 - DOM events (onmouseover, onclick etc.) and
 - JavaScript.

I implemented ajax requests wherever I could, and realized its impact on UI.
Also, JavaScript has now my third favorite language (after PL-SQL and Python) :p


Now, let me quickly post a new glitz.
 - this uses a combination of ajax upload requests and beautiful bootstrap 
 components. This allows you to preview your image before it is uploaded to the server.
 - an interesting challenge was to process images on the server, store them on 
 disk and then update the metadata in my Postgres DB.. All in a single transaction.


Future work:
 -

Conclusion: 
So concluding, I learnt a lot in this project.
 - One of the interesting challenges was to chanelize my vision of hovering and 
 commenting on different parts of an image into reality - throughout browser, 
 server and database.